"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love..." - Marcus Aurelius
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." - Albert Schweitzer
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect." - Zoey Sayward
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"Perseverance is not a long race; it’s many short races one after the other." - Walter Elliot
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." - Plutarch
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph." - George Washington
"Every moment is a fresh beginning." - T.S. Eliot
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
